[MUSIC PLAYING]
HEY, GUYS.
MMM, COLLECTING SNAILS?
YEAH, MR. FEENY SAID
WE CAN TAKE 'EM
OFF HIS FLOWERS AND
USE THEM FOR BAIT
FOR WHEN WE ALL GO
FISHING SUNDAY.
FISH
DON'T EAT SNAILS.
GEE, I GUESS
I WAS MISTAKEN.
WELL, WHENEVER
YOU GUYS ARE READY,
THE BASS MASTER HERE
IS ALL SET
TO PASS ON
TO THE YOUNGER GENERATION
SOME OF THE FINER POINTS
OF SPIN CASTING.
MANIPULATING YOUNG
AND IMPRESSIONABLE MINDS.
I HOPE YOU'RE PROUD
OF YOURSELF, MR. FEENY.
INDEED I AM,
MR. MATTHEWS.
COME ON, GUYS.
NOW, THE MAIN THING
TO REMEMBER IS
THAT BASICALLY
IT'S A SIMPLE FLICK
OF THE WRIST.
YOU OPEN THE BAIL,
HOLD THE LINE
WITH YOUR FINGER,
AND THEN
IT'S 2:00, 10:00.
2:00, 10:00.
[CRASH]
KIND OF A QUARTER
AFTER 3:00 THING
YOU GOT GOING
ON THERE, DAD, HUH?
MAY A, UH, FELLOW
ANGLER TRY HIS LUCK?
BE MY GUEST, GEORGE.
THANK YOU.
HA HA!
THAT FELLA OUT
THERE.
[CLINK]
IT'S LIKE GETTING
BACK ON A BICYCLE.
ONE NEVER FORGETS.
MR. FEENY, YOU FISH?
OH, SURE. I'M AN OLD
BASS HOG FROM WAY BACK.
I'LL NEVER FORGET THAT
SEPTEMBER MORN, 1956.
I WAS AFTER
SMALL-MOUTH BASS
ON THE LOUISIANA DELTA.
SOUNDS FASCINATING,
GEORGE.
SPANISH MOSS
HANGING DOWN...
AND THE CYPRESS
KNEES JUTTING UP
THROUGH THE BRACKISH WATER
OF THE BAYOU.
SOUNDS FASCINATING,
GEORGE.
DAD, HOW COME ERIC'S NOT
COMING WITH US THIS YEAR?
WELL, YOUR BROTHER'S
DISCOVERED GIRLS.
HE CAN'T SIT STILL.
WHEN YOU'RE ERIC'S AGE
AND YOU CAN'T SIT STILL,
I'LL TAKE MORGAN.
IT'S THE ENDLESS CYCLE
OF FISHING.
AND WHAT ABOUT
AFTER MORGAN?
WELL, THEN
I'LL JUST BE SOME GUY
IN A FISHING HAT WITH
A LOT OF BORING STORIES.
DID YOU JUST
SCARE YOURSELF, DAD?
WHOA, YES,
I THINK I DID.
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
HI. I'M MORGAN,
AND THIS IS
MY BROTHER ERIC.
HE'S VERY SHY.
HA HA HA. GOOD GIRL.
ERIC, WHAT ARE YOU
TEACHING HER?
NOTHING.
I GET TO HELP ERIC
MEET GIRLS.
NO, YOU DON'T.
SHE DOESN'T.
YOU DON'T.
MY BROTHER THINKS
YOU ARE SO CUTE.
SO THIS IS WHY
YOU'VE BEEN TAKING
HER TO THE MALL.
WELL, I THINK
IT'S GREAT.
YOU DO?
MM-HMM.
HA HA HA.
I THINK
IT'S A PERFECT WAY
FOR YOU
AND YOUR SISTER
TO SPEND QUALITY
TIME TOGETHER.
WELL, YOU KNOW, SOME GUYS
USE A GOLDEN RETRIEVER.
I FIGURE, WHY NOT USE
THE WEASEL HERE?
[CAR HORN HONKS
LA CUCARACHA]
IT'S GRANDMA!
HEY, IT'S GRANDMA!
YEAH, IT'S GRANDMA.
OK, OPEN UP A LANE.
I'M COMING THROUGH.
I'VE BEEN SITTING ON
MY KEISTER FOR 10 HOURS
IN THAT WINNEBAGO.
I NEED
SOME STRETCHING ROOM.
HEY!
GRANDMA!
Both: WHERE'S MY PRESENT?
I THOUGHT THIS YEAR
MAYBE YOU'D BUY ME ONE.
NUH-UH.
YOU'RE THE GRANDMA.
I AM? OH, WELL,
IN THAT CASE--
UH-OH, WHAT HAVE
WE HERE?
A DOLLY!
HA HA. WELL, IT'S
A SHRUNKEN HEAD.
NOT A REAL ONE.
THEY DON'T SELL REAL
ONES IN TIJUANA.
NOT FOR A BUCK.
THAT'S A COOL
BULLWHIP, GRANDMA.
OH, YEAH,
AND IT'S YOURS.
I HAD THE WAGON MASTER
TO GO WITH IT,
BUT HE SLIPPED OUT
OF THE CUFFS IN JUAREZ.
I KNOW, I KNOW.
I DIDN'T CALL.
YOU NEVER DO,
BERNICE.
WELL,
IT'S NOT MY STYLE.
HEY, I GOT SOMETHING
FOR YOU, TOO.
YEAH. DRIED CACTUS.
IT'S FROM ALBUQUERQUE.
AN OLD NAVAJO
TRADITION.
KEEPS YOU REGULAR
AS A DIESEL.
THANKS FOR PREPARING US
FOR MIDDLE AGE, MOM.
WE'LL THINK OF YOU...
SEVERAL TIMES A DAY.
SO, WHAT BRINGS YOU TO
OUR NECK OF THE WOODS?
DID YOUR CONVOY
SWING THROUGH?
YEAH, YEAH.
WE MADE A KILLING
IN BINGO COUNTRY,
SO NOW WE'RE HEADING OUT
TO PALM SPRINGS
TO BUY OURSELVES
SOME NEW BUTTS. HA HA HA!
GRANDMA!
KIDDO!
FINALLY DECIDED TO
SHOW YOUR FACE, HUH?
WHAT'D THEY DO,
LET YOU OUT
OF DETENTION EARLY?
YEAH, WELL, I HEARD
LA CUCARACHA
FROM ALL THE WAY
DOWN AT THE PARK.
HOW LONG
ARE YOU STAYING?
OH, JUST
THE WEEKEND.
SPEAKING OF WHICH--
HEY, YOU 2 KIDS,
CANCEL ALL YOUR PLANS
FOR SATURDAY
'CAUSE, MORGAN, YOU AND I
ARE GONNA GO SHOPPING.
WE ARE GONNA BUY
SO MANY NEW CLOTHES
YOU WON'T KNOW WHAT
TO DO WITH THEM ALL.
I'LL WEAR THEM,
THEN I'LL THROW THEM
ON THE FLOOR.
HA! WHY NOT?
AND THEN I THOUGHT WE'D
TAKE IN THE AUTO SHOW.
I HEAR THEY GOT
SOME PRETTY HOT BABES
SITTING ON THE HOODS
OF THOSE HOTRODS.
THERE'S SOMETHING
I MIGHT ENJOY.
AND SUNDAY, KIDDO,
YOU AND I,
WE ARE GONNA GO GET
THIS BASEBALL CARD SIGNED
BY THE GUY
IN THE PICTURE.
CAL RIPKEN?
THIS IS CAL RIPKEN'S
ROOKIE CARD!
HOW'D YOU GET THIS?
HOW'D I GET IT?
I SHOT A MAN IN RENO
JUST TO WATCH HIM DIE,
AND THEN I PRIED THAT
OUT OF HIS COLD,
DEAD FINGERS.
OR I BOUGHT IT FOR
7 BUCKS AT A SWAP MEET.
YOU MAKE THE CALL.
AND WE'RE GONNA
GET HIM TO SIGN IT?
WELL,
WOULD YOU LIKE THAT?
WHAT ARE YOU, NEW?
HEY!
OH, MAN, THAT WAS
THE BEST AUTO SHOW EVER.
THEY HAD BERNIE KOPELL
AND JAMIE FARR
RIGHT UP THERE
ON THE SAME STAGE.
WHERE ELSE YOU GONNA
GET THAT?
HEY, COR,
CHECK IT OUT.
I HAD
THE LAMBORGHINI GIRL
SIGN MY ARM.
LAMBORGHINI GIRL?
ERIC, HOW CAN YOU
EVEN COMPARE
THE LAMBORGHINI GIRL
TO CAL RIPKEN?
HAS THE LAMBORGHINI GIRL
PLAYED 1,900 STRAIGHT GAMES?
NO, BUT HAS
CAL RIPKEN EVER POSED
FOR THE VICTORIA'S
SECRET CATALOG?
ERIC, I FEEL
WE'RE GROWING APART.
TOLD HER MAYBE
WE COULD TAKE A DRIVE
ONCE I GET MY LICENSE.
SHE LAUGHED, BUT IT WAS
A FLIRTY LAUGH.
GRAZIELLA TERZIANA.
I THINK SHE'S FRENCH.
BOY, I'M BUSHED.
WHAT WITH CHASING YOUR SISTER
IN AND OUT OF DRESSING ROOMS
AND CHASING
YOUR BROTHER AWAY
FROM THOSE BIKINI MODELS'
DRESSING ROOMS,
THESE DOGS ARE BARKING.
YOU'RE NOT TOO TIRED
FOR TOMORROW, ARE YOU?
ARE YOU KIDDING?
YOU AND ME?
I WOULDN'T MISS THAT
FOR THE WORLD.
MR. MATTHEWS,
JUST THE MAN
I WANTED TO SEE.
MR. FEENY?
LET ME ASK YOU--
IF ONE WERE ENTERTAINING
A YOUNG WOMAN,
A YOUNG GIRL YOUR AGE,
UM, HOW WOULD HE
GO ABOUT IT?
MR. FEENY, YOU DATING
A TEENAGE GIRL?
NOT SINCE THE EISENHOWER
ADMINISTRATION.
NO. MY NIECE IS VISITING
FOR A FEW DAYS.
SHE'S YOUR AGE.
SHE'LL NEED TO BE
ENTERTAINED,
AND I THOUGHT THAT MAYBE
YOU COULD HELP ME OUT.
LOOK, I'D LOVE TO MEET
YOUR NIECE, MR. FEENY,
BUT, SEE,
I GOT THIS REALLY BAD
CASE OF STREP THROAT.
IT'S SPREADING DOWN MY LUNGS
AND INTO MY PANCREAS,
SO, AS YOU CAN SEE,
I'M-- I'M COMPLETELY STREP.
RELAX.
I'M MERELY CURIOUS
AS TO HOW A CONTEMPORARY
TEENAGE GIRL
ENTERTAINS HERSELF.
OH, OK. WELL,
IT'S MY EXPERIENCE
THAT IF THEY CAN'T FIND
A SENIOR WITH A CAR,
THEY'LL SETTLE FOR
SOME GULLIBLE SOPHOMORE
WHO'S WILLING
TO EMPTY HIS POCKETS
ON A DINNER
HE CAN'T REALLY AFFORD,
A MOVIE
HE DOESN'T WANT TO SEE,
AND A DOOR
SLAMMED IN HIS FACE.
SOMEWHERE IN THAT
BRIMMING CUP OF BILE,
I HEARD DINNER
AND A MOVIE.
YEAH, SEE,
DINNER AND A MOVIE
IS THE PREMIER FORM
OF DATING ENTERTAINMENT.
DINNER, MOVIE.
MOVIE, DINNER.
DINNER, DINNER,
MOVIE, MOVIE.
A WONDERFULLY RICH
TAPESTRY
OF HUMAN EXPERIENCE.
DON'T MOCK WHAT I AM,
MR. FEENY.
MOM, WHERE'S GRANDMA?
WE WERE SUPPOSED
TO LEAVE 10 MINUTES AGO,
AND HER WINNEBAGO'S
NOT EVEN OUTSIDE.
YOU KNOW WHAT, COR?
I WAS GONNA BAKE
SOME BLUEBERRY MUFFINS.
YOU WANT TO HELP ME?
BAKE?
MM-HMM.
YEAH. YEAH, I DO.
THERE'S NOTHING
I'D RATHER DO MORE.
OH, WAIT. I'M LYING.
I'D RATHER
GO TO BALTIMORE.
WELL, HOW ABOUT JUST
UNTIL YOU LEAVE?
OHH...SO HOW LONG
DO YOU THINK
I COULD GO
WITHOUT TAKING A SHOWER
BEFORE MY ARM GETS
ALL GROSS AND DISGUSTING?
IS THIS WHAT'S
GONNA HAPPEN TO ME
WHEN MY HORMONES
KICK IN?
YEAH, LIKE I DON'T HAVE
ANYTHING ELSE ON MY MIND
BUT GIRLS.
LOOK, I GOT A LOT
OF OTHER THINGS
ON MY MIND
BESIDES GIRLS.
A LOT OF OTHER THINGS.
THERE'S, LIKE--
GIRL! GIRL! RIGHT THERE!
RIGHT THERE!
WHERE?
IT'S FEENY'S NIECE.
SHE'S UNBELIEVABLE.
I-- I GOTTA THINK.
I GOTTA THINK.
I GOT TO TAKE HER
TO A WORLD
SHE'S NEVER BEEN TO
BEFORE.
DINNER. MOVIE.
MOVIE. DINNER.
THIS HAS TO BE PERFECTLY
ORCHESTRATED, OR ELSE--
WEASEL!
OK, WEASEL,
DO YOU REMEMBER
WHAT WE'VE BEEN
PRACTICING?
THIS IS MY BROTHER ERIC.
HE'S VERY SHY.
HA HA.
PERFECT. LOOK,
IN EXACTLY ONE MINUTE,
I WANT YOU
TO COME OUTSIDE
AND DO WHAT WE'VE BEEN
DOING AT THE MALL.
HOW WILL I KNOW
WHEN IT'S A MINUTE?
OK? MINUTE, DING.
MINUTE, DING.
MOVIE, DINNER.
HOW YOU DOING, MR. FEENY?
HOW COULD I HELP YOU
IN THE GARDEN TODAY?
OH, HI. I'M ERIC.
I'M JESSICA.
STREP THROAT
CLEARED UP,
DID IT,
MR. MATTHEWS?
STREP THROAT?
A GUY LIKE ME?
NO. SEE, I WORK OUT
MUCH TOO HARD
TO EVER GET
STREP THROAT.
SO, UH, WHERE WOULD YOU
LIKE ME TO MOVE
THIS ENORMOUSLY HEAVY BAG
OF FERTILIZER?
I HADN'T PLANNED
ON MOVING IT AT ALL.
LET ME JUST EFFORTLESSLY
TOSS IT OVER HERE, THEN.
HOO-DAH!
[BELL DINGS]
THIS IS MY BROTHER ERIC.
HE'S VERY SHY.
SPEAKING
OF FERTILIZER.
IS THIS
YOUR LITTLE SISTER?
THAT SHE IS.
I LOVE ERIC.
OH, PLEASE. JESSICA,
YOU COULDN'T
POSSIBLY FALL FOR
THIS LINE OF--
SHE IS SO CUTE.
AND SO
WELL-REHEARSED.
ERIC'S TAKING ME
TO THE CARNIVAL TODAY.
WHEN DID I SAY THAT?
HA HA. LOOKS LIKE
YOUR PARROT
HAS LEARNED
A FEW NEW WORDS.
DO YOU WANT
TO COME WITH US?
OH, WITH US.
TO THE CARNIVAL
WITH US, YES.
PLEASE COME WITH US.
WELL, IF THAT'S OK
WITH YOU, UNCLE GEORGE.
WELL, I THINK
THE POLITE THING
WOULD BE TO EXTEND
AN INVITATION
FOR ME TO JOIN YOU.
MR. FEENY,
WOULD YOU LIKE TO COME
TO THE CARNIVAL WITH US?
OH, THANK YOU SO VERY
MUCH FOR ASKING,
BUT NO. I'D RATHER
HAVE GUM SURGERY.
OK, NOW, REMEMBER
TO TAKE THOSE OUT
IN A COUPLE MINUTES
SO THEY DON'T STICK.
MOM, I KIND OF
GOT THE HANG OF IT
IN THE LAST
4 BATCHES.
IS GRANDMA LOST
OR WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW, COR,
BUT, HEY,
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I WAS GONNA BAKE A CAKE NEXT.
YOU WANT TO HELP ME OUT?
LOOK, MOM, I KNOW
YOU'RE TRYING TO DO THIS
TO DISTRACT ME
AND ALL,
BUT WHAT IF SOMETHING
HAPPENED TO GRANDMA?
MAYBE WE SHOULD CALL
THE POLICE.
NO, I DON'T THINK SO.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE I'M SURE
THAT SHE'S FINE.
THEN WHY ISN'T
SHE HERE YET?
HONEY, I'VE KNOWN
YOUR GRANDMOTHER
FOR A LONG TIME,
AND THERE'S SOMETHING
YOU NEED TO UNDERSTAND
ABOUT HER.
I UNDERSTAND THAT IF
GRANDMA'S NOT HERE YET,
SHE MUST HAVE
A VERY GOOD REASON.
SHE'S NOT COMING,
IS SHE?
I'M SORRY, COR.
I KNOW THIS
IS DISAPPOINTING.
EH, IT WAS JUST
A STUPID ROAD TRIP.
I MEAN,
WHAT KIND OF CITY
IS BALTIMORE,
ANYWAY?
AN AMERICAN LEAGUE
CITY.
HEY, WHY DON'T YOU
CALL SHAWN?
SEE IF HE WANTS
TO GO BOWLING.
COOL.
I'LL DRIVE.
OR I'LL DRIVE.
THAT COULD WORK, TOO.
I'LL CALL
MY BEST BUD SHAWN,
THE ONE GUY I CAN
COUNT ON TO BE THERE.
HI, MRS. HUNTER?
IT'S CORY. SHAWN AROUND?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
HE'S GONE FISHING?
DID YOU KNOW YOUR HUSBAND'S
CHEATING ON ME
WITH SOMEONE
ELSE'S SON?
YOU FORGOT
TO CALL SHAWN.
GOOD-BYE, MRS. HUNTER.
I FORGOT.
YOU DIDN'T TELL HIM
YOU WEREN'T GOING
ON THE FISHING TRIP?
I FORGOT.
SO HE STILL
SHOWED UP.
I GUESS HE DIDN'T
FORGET.
AND NOW HE'S OUT THERE
WITH MY DAD
DRINKING ROOT BEER,
EATING POTATO CHIPS,
BONDING AWAY.
I MISS ONE THING
WITH MY DAD,
AND HE DROPS ME FOR
THE FIRST AVAILABLE SON.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
I'LL BE
IN THE TREE HOUSE.
HOLD MY CALLS.
Morgan: ERIC IS THE BEST
BROTHER IN THE WHOLE WORLD.
THAT'S ENOUGH, MORGAN.
THAT WAS SO SWEET
OF YOU
TO PLAY 4 HOURS
OF SKEEBALL
JUST TO WIN HER
THAT GIRAFFE.
3,000 TICKETS.
ERIC'S GONNA GIVE ME
HIS NEW SUNGLASSES.
NO, HE'S NOT.
YOU KNOW, YOU CAN REALLY
TELL A LOT ABOUT A GUY
BY THE WAY
HE TREATS HIS SISTER.
OH, YOU MEAN THESE.
THERE YOU GO.
ERIC IS SUCH
A GOOD-LOOKING BOY.
YEAH, THANKS.
ARE WE ALL DONE
FOR THE DAY?
YES, WE'RE DONE.
BYE-BYE.
SHE'S ADORABLE.
SHE'S NOT
THE ONLY ONE.
WHO'S GRAZIELLA
TERZIANA?
WHAT?
HER NAME, IT'S WRITTEN
ON YOUR ARM.
UH, THAT--
I CAN'T STOP EVERY GIRL
WHO WANTS TO SIGN MY BODY.
OH, MR. CHARMING.
I COULD LOAN YOU
A PEN.
AND SMART, TOO,
USING HIS LITTLE SISTER
AS DATE BAIT LIKE THAT.
THAT OBVIOUS, HUH?
OH, YEAH. HEH.
BIG MISTAKE?
DID I SAY THAT?
SO I DIDN'T HAVE
TO WORK SO HARD.
WHO SAID YOU HAD
TO WORK AT ALL?
NICE NIGHT, HUH?
YEAH.
WELL, WE'RE JUST,
UH, PASSING THROUGH.
GOOD. PASS.
ERIC, THE LIPMASTER.
YEAH. SURE.
LOOK, ANYBODY ELSE,
OR ARE WE ALL DONE HERE?
EVERYONE HAVE
A GREAT DAY WITHOUT ME?
HOW LONG HAVE YOU
BEEN UP THERE?
LONG ENOUGH TO WATCH YOU
SWAP SPIT WITH A FEENY.
WELL, I'D SAY THE MOOD
IS SUFFICIENTLY KILLED,
WOULDN'T YOU?
DEAD AND BURIED.
I THINK MY LITTLE SISTER'S
BUSY TOMORROW,
SO IT LOOKS LIKE
IT'S JUST YOU AND ME.
I'LL BRING
THE PEN.
GOOD NIGHT.
EVERYONE. HA HA.
SHE'S RELATED
TO FEENY?
NIECE.
NICE.
NICE?
SHE'S BEAUTIFUL.
THAT'S THE MOST
INCREDIBLE GIRL
I EVER KISSED.
WHICH PUTS HER
AT THE TOP
OF A LIST
OF WHAT, 2?
LOOK, MAKING OUT IS
NOT A SPECTATOR SPORT.
OOH...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING BACK
FROM BALTIMORE SO EARLY?
I DIDN'T GO
TO BALTIMORE.
WHY NOT?
'CAUSE I STAYED
HERE ALL DAY
'CAUSE GRANDMA
DUMPED ME
WHILE MY BEST FRIEND
WAS OUT
STEALING MY DAD.
OH, GROW UP.
I WASN'T STEALING
YOUR FATHER.
GOOD NIGHT, SHAWN.
NIGHT, DAD.
SO GRANDMA
NEVER SHOWED, HUH?
NAH, SHE DIDN'T.
YOU WANT TO TALK
ABOUT IT?
DOESN'T REALLY SEEM
LIKE THERE'S MUCH
TO TALK ABOUT.
HOO, BOY,
ARE YOU WRONG.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
I'M HUNGRY. SHAWN ATE
EVERYTHING ON THE BOAT
EXCEPT THE WORMS.
HE USUALLY
LIKES THOSE.
UH, I CAN HIGHLY
RECOMMEND THE MUFFINS.
THESE ARE
A LITTLE DRY.
GREAT. I COOK
AND I SLAVE,
AND THIS IS
THE THANKS I GET.
YOU MADE THESE?
I DIDN'T HAVE
ANYTHING ELSE TO DO
'CAUSE GRANDMA
DIDN'T SHOW UP.
I'VE BEEN THERE.
WAIT A MINUTE.
SHE DID THIS TO YOU?
HEY, PICK A CATEGORY.
YOU LIKE SPORTS?
BIRTHDAYS?
YOU LIKE ROCKET SHIPS?
I'LL TAKE
ROCKET SHIPS.
ALL RIGHT. UM...
ONE DAY MY CLASS
WAS SUPPOSED TO GO
ON THIS FIELD TRIP
TO THE FRANKLIN
MUSEUM OF SCIENCE
TO SEE THE
"MAN IN SPACE" EXHIBIT.
COOL.
YEAH, IT WOULD'VE BEEN,
EXCEPT THAT GRANDMA
FORGOT TO RETURN
THE PERMISSION SLIP,
SO I DIDN'T GET TO GO.
I BEEN THERE.
YEAH, ME, TOO,
AND I FELT
JUST THE WAY
YOU'RE FEELING NOW.
DID YOU HATE HER?
WELL, NO.
IT'S KIND OF HARD
TO HATE HER, CORY,
'CAUSE A COUPLE OF MONTHS
LATER, SHE WOKE ME UP
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT,
SHE BUNDLES ME UP,
THROWS ME
IN THE WINNEBAGO,
WE DRIVE FOR 2 DAYS
AND 2 NIGHTS.
WHERE'D SHE TAKE YOU?
CAPE CANAVERAL.
MERCURY 3.
FIRST AMERICAN IN SPACE.
MY CLASSMATES
ARE BACK IN PHILADELPHIA
LOOKING AT IT ON A LITTLE
BLACK-AND-WHITE TV.
I'M THERE FEELING THE HEAT
FROM THE ROCKET
ON MY FACE.
GRANDMA TOOK YOU ALL
THE WAY TO CAPE CANAVERAL?
SEE, GRANDMA DOESN'T SHOW
LOVE LIKE OTHER PEOPLE DO,
BUT SHE LOVES YOU
NO MATTER WHAT YOU THINK.
SHE JUST SHOWS LOVE
IN HER OWN WAY.
AND WHEN SHE'S WITH YOU,
SHE WANTS IT TO BE SO SPECIAL
THAT YOU'LL
ALWAYS REMEMBER.
I ALWAYS DO
REMEMBER.
YEAH, SO DO I.
WHEN THAT ROCKET
TOOK OFF
AND THE SMILE ON MY FACE
WAS A MILE WIDE
AND ALL OF AMERICA WAS
WATCHING THEIR LITTLE TV SET,
I REMEMBER THAT MY MOTHER
WAS WATCHING ME.
[CAR HORN HONKS
LA CUCARACHA]
GUESS WHO.
HI, MOM.
HI, ALAN.
YOU'LL NEVER CHANGE,
WILL YOU?
WOULD YOU WANT
ME TO?
NOPE.
HA HA HA.
HEY, KIDDO, LOOK,
I KNOW WE WERE SUPPOSED
TO GO
TO BALTIMORE TODAY,
BUT YOU'LL NEVER BELIEVE
WHAT CAME UP.
IT DOESN'T MATTER,
GRANDMA.
OH, SURE IT DOES.
I KNOW YOU WANTED
TO TAKE ME.
I-I REALLY DID.
DID I TELL YOU THAT
MY CAL RIPKEN CARD
WAS MY FAVORITE ONE?
IT IS?
YEAH, AND HIS SIGNATURE
MIGHT'VE MESSED IT UP,
JUST LIKE THAT LAMBORGHINI GIRL
MESSED UP ERIC'S ARM.
THE NEXT TIME MY CONVOY
SWINGS BY HERE,
YOU AND I ARE GONNA DO
SOMETHING
REALLY SPECIAL.
I CAN'T WAIT.
HI, GRANDMA, COR.
DAD, I'VE BEEN IN MY ROOM
FOR THE LAST
20 MINUTES, OK?
ALAN, I WOULD
APPRECIATE IT
IF YOU KEPT YOUR SON
AND HIS HORMONES
INSIDE THE HOUSE...
AT LEAST UNTIL
MY NIECE LEAVES.
WHY, GEORGE,
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
ERIC'S BEEN UP
IN HIS ROOM FOR...
20...
MINUTES.
EXCUSE ME.
I WILL NOT BE
JERKED AROUND.
OH, WELL, EXCUSE ME,
BUT AS THE MATRIARCH
OF THIS FAMILY,
NOT TO MENTION
A CARD-CARRYING MEMBER
OF THE KIWANIS CLUB,
I CAN PERSONALLY VOUCH
FOR THE FACT
THAT THIS FINE YOUNG MAN
HAS BEEN UP IN HIS ROOM
FOR THE PAST 20 MINUTES.
AND EXCUSE ME,
MISS KIWANIS,
BUT HOW COULD YOU
KNOW THAT
WHEN I JUST SAW
YOU PULL UP
IN YOUR WINNEBAGO
AND RUN OVER MY MUMS
NOT 40 SECONDS AGO?
WHO IS THIS GUY?
MY TEACHER.
DOES HE GIVE YOU
STRAIGHT As?
NO.
AND WHY NOT?
HAVE YOU TALKED
TO THE BOY?
OK, TEACH,
YOU JUST BETTER KISS
THE REST OF THOSE MUMS
GOODBYE.
WHO IS THAT WOMAN?
MY GRANDMA.
DON'T YOU JUST
LOVE HER?
NO, I DON'T.
WELL, I DO.
CAL RIPKEN JR.,
ROOKIE YEAR.
I NEVER THOUGHT
I'D ACTUALLY GET
TO HOLD ONE
OF THESE THINGS.
MY GRANDMA PICKED IT UP
AT THE SWAP MEET
FOR 7 BUCKS.
7 BUCKS
IN DOG YEARS.
THIS BABY'S
WORTH 150, EASY.
IT IS?
YEAH.
BOY, YOUR GRANDMA
MUST REALLY LOVE YOU.
YEAH.
OR ELSE SHE SHOT
A MAN IN RENO
JUST TO WATCH HIM DIE.
YOU'RE KIDDING...
RIGHT?
I'M NOT SURE.